hey smile a smile go kami feel like I'm
no color bar and I picked the wrong
ultra boy yeah I got to untangle want to
attack me sorry I'm just bring the heat
to hug that's all I got to do drank to
her bragnae heat some up the volcano cuz
it's all ready yet Thank You door yeah
you don't send that he'd already do that
he right there are you all right it's
finished back away back away back away
back away yeah even when that fast me oh
yes fasten don't worry about is fast
enough hate that enough
a gap right ok get my wife baby girl
whoa Nina Williams baby
ah day yeah back away thank you don't
huh what bunny and leaves then I'm a
smashing of the ground like Rey Mysterio
jr. or you know Rey Mysterio back up
back up I'll sit back up what boring
come on come on no here we go what oh
yeah hey all right again all right oh
it's not gonna block did chug hey stupid
nah no blocking
Oh No hey go she got no I know grammar i
bet your mom yo come on Krabs what god
this stuff good stuff Rosemary's Baby
Miss Cleo their ham is Cleo weekly OT
know the future huh oh aah good stuff
man